First Lady Michelle Obama sitting in a chair outdoors, with a hedge and trees in the background.
An adult and 2 children riding mountain bikes on a dirt trail past a tree with empty, low hills in the background.
A classroom with all students sitting at tables and excitedly raising their hands for the teacher's attention.
Children in a classroom listening intently.
A child answering a math problem on a computer.
Children playing football in a park.
Children playing hopscotch on a sidewalk.
First Lady Michelle Obama sitting in a chair outdoors, with a hedge and trees in the background.
A person climbing a steep rock face with trees and low hills in the background.
People rafting down a river through a deep canyon.
Several national parks viewed from above.
Adults and children standing in grass next to a river.
A person rappelling down a sheer red stone rock face.
A person mountain biking down a large rock formation.
Children bicycling down a gravel path surrounded by trees.
A group of children running around outdoors.
A person hiking a trail in a forest.
People kayaking.
A person windsurfing.
National park landscapes.
First Lady Michelle Obama sitting in a chair outdoors, with a hedge and trees in the background.
The "Let's Move!" logo and website address (www.letsmove.gov).